C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.exe
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.deps.json
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.dll
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.pdb
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Raylib-cs.dll
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.dll
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\FinalProjTwo.dll
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.pdb
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\FinalProjTwo.dll
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProjTwo.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\colors.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\transparent.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\bucket.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\checkers.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\circle.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\compressicon.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\eraser.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\eyedropper.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\foldericon.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\invisible.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\layers.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\leftarrow.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\line.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\paintbrush.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\pencil.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\plus.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\powericon.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\rectangle.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\rightarrow.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\saveicon.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\settings.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\visible.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\x.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\x2.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Buttons\Button.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Buttons\LayerWindowButton.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Core\Program.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Core\ProgramManager.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Core\TextHandling.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\File\OpenFileDialog.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Shapes\Circle.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Shapes\Line.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Tools\DrawTool.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Tools\Shapetool.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Tools\ToolFolder.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Window\Canvas.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Window\GUIarea.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Window\Icons.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Window\IDrawable.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Window\Infowindow.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Window\Popup.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Window\Slider.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Window\PopupWindows\ColorSelector.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\colorss.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Buttons\ButtonCreator.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Tools\EditTool.cs
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\rectselecticon.png
c:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Buttons\IMouseInteractable.cs
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\eraserX.png
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\eyedropperX.png
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\foldericonX.png
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\paintbrushX.png
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\pencilX.png
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Textures\Icons\bucketX.png
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Window\ShapeAndSelectionToolPreviews.cs
C:\Users\theo.lindqvist\Documents\NTI Programmering\FinalProjTwo\FinalProjTwo\bin\Debug\net8.0\Scripts\Tools\ITool.cs
